---
layout: default
title: Privacy Policy
lang: en
lang-ref: privacy
---
# Privacy Policy

The NHS Wales Informatics Service is a national organisation delivering technology and digital services for modern patient care in Wales. To enable us to carry out our functions, we need to use personal data, by which we mean information that identifies living individuals.

Our Privacy Policy is intended for patients or others whose personal data is held and/or used by the NHS Wales Informatics Service. It explains why we hold such information, what we do with it, their rights and who they can contact if they need further information.

Our Privacy Policy can be found [here](https://developer.nhs.wales/privacy-policy).

Feedback and queries

You can send us your feedback by using our [online feedback form](https://developer.nhs.wales/privacy-policy). If you give us contact details so that we can respond to your query, then they will only be used for that purpose.

# Site usage information

Cookies

Cookies are pieces of data created when you visit a website. Our site uses cookies to store information while you move around the site. You can set your computer not to accept cookies. However, if you do this, you may not be able to use some site features because we need to record your preferences in order to give you the information you need during your visit.

Our cookies do not contain any personal information about you and do not hold any information about which sites you visited before you came here.

How to Disable Cookies

To change your cookie settings:

 • Internet Explorer
 • Go to &#39;Tools&#39; on the menu bar \&gt; Select &#39;Internet Options&#39; \&gt; Select &#39;Privacy&#39; \&gt; Disable / restrict cookies
 Firefox
 • Go to &#39;Tools&#39; on the menu bar \&gt; Select &#39;Options&#39; \&gt; Select &#39;Privacy&#39; \&gt; Disable / restrict cookies
 Opera

 \* Please note that the above settings may differ depending on the browser version.

Personal Information

We do not collect personal information about site users.

 When you voluntarily submit identifiable data on this website (this includes submission of feedback forms or questionnaires), the information submitted is used solely to respond to your queries and for its intended purpose.

Mailing lists

What data do we collect?

When you subscribe to the mailing lists we record your email address. We also collect your subscription preferences, which at this time is limited to details of which lists you are subscribed to.

We may also record other personally identifiable information if you choose to provide it. This information is only used for internal analysis purposes to inform decisions on the nature and content of our communications. We use constant contact as our newsletter provider and to administer our mailing lists.

This also provides us with usage information about our mailing lists, including statistics relating to how many subscribers open or read each newsletter and the number of clicks generated by links included in a newsletter. This data is only used to inform decisions on the nature and content of future communications.

For what purpose do we intend to use your personal information?

We will only use your personal information to send you updates from the mailing lists that you have joined. Your address will not be added to any other lists, shared with third parties (other than our mailing list service provider - constant contact) or used to send you unsolicited email.

Microsoft Application Insights

We use Application Insights to track the status of our service. Additionally we collect usage data such as cities, device types and requests. By default all data collected through Azure Application Insights is anonymised and the data cannot be used to match it back to an individual in any case. We use this data purely for monitoring the health of our service and occasionally we may perform some analytics on the data. No information collected by Application Insights will be ever be shared with 3rd parties.

HotJar

We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users&#39; needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don&#39;t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users&#39; behavior and their devices (in particular device&#39;s IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please see Hotjar&#39;s privacy policy by clicking on[ this link](https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/).

Why We Collect User Statistics

By understanding user behaviour and preferences, we are able to improve our website content to meet user expectations and needs

Links to external sites

Like most sites, the NHS Wales Developer Portal website contains links to external sites. It should be noted that this privacy policy can apply only to this site and that we cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of other websites.

We do not pass on any personal information you have given us to any other website.